Mr. Chau
Hi Mr. Chau
I'm a financial news anchor.
Promise of the Ocean
I'd like to do an interview.
Mr. Chau
car seat

You're looking for me.
You promised you were brave.
Dare to buy the trail of the top rich heiress
I hope your news is accurate.
If the number is no problem.
Please go away.
I hear you owe a lot of money.
Loans want to come to the table.
Uncle Chu is one of those unattractive flowers.
Leaves not attached to people
Think about me.
Hi, Mr. Chau.
I'm the host of Financial Times, Promise of the Ocean.
Hope you can give me an interview opportunity.
Why do I have special feelings for her?
8 o'clock tonight.
to the number 45 family line
Thank you for giving me this opportunity.